feat: better support for data-color and data-color-scheme on same element (#3354)
digdir/designsystemet: .changeset/eleven-cougars-scream.md

---
"@digdir/designsystemet": patch
"@digdir/designsystemet-theme": patch
---

> Add support for `data-color` and `data-color-scheme` being defined on the same element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix defined `data-color` and `data-color-scheme` on the same element using wrong color-scheme variables.
```

Reviewer: Ok, but change the wording to fix as we agreed on in previous comments?

Author: Ok, it was not made clear you wanted the word "fix" in there.
Suggestion:
```suggestion
Fix `data-color` and `data-color-scheme` used on the same element not working in some browsers
```
It does not matter in the changelog why it did not work, only that it did not work in some browsers, and it is now fixed

> Add better support for `data-color` and `data-color-scheme` being defined on the same element

Reviewer: Would this not classify as a fix?

Author: I noticed it does work in some browsers, but we can classify it as a fix

Reviewer: Yeah, since we classified it as a bug, and I would expect this to work as this from the get go.
